Aanga
What's happening to look with your eyes?
I can't see with my eyes.
What is it to see with your eyes?
Kunal.
To understand the shape and colour of things.
Shape and colour?
To see the colours of your eyes.
You have a mark on your eyes.
The mark that the Holy Night Historic Hall left.
And this mark is really special.
You should be proud.
Absolutely.
I know that it is the mark of the hero.
I feel pity for him.
You feel pity for me?
But why?
Because I can't see?
Master Kunon, Miss Jenny is here.
I don't want to learn magic at all.
That won't be right, especially when you're with Watercress.
And magic is a wonderful thing in itself.
Even if I learn it, I won't be able to live without anyone.
Even if I learn, I can't go back and forth without anyone's help.
We've arrived.
Nice to meet you, Master Kunon Goryon.
I've come here to teach you magic.
I am Jenny Gorse.
A-O-R-E.
Oh, wow! You are learning very well.
Tell me, what kind of magic am I learning?
Look, this is a water spell.
It is called Aori.
You are making water by doing magic.
This is equal to one eye.
Equal to one eye?
Forgive me.
I thought you would understand it better by saying it like this.
The problem is so big.
I am not a child.
I understood.
Maybe I can make my eyes with magic.
I will do it.
What are you saying?
No matter what, I will make my eyes with magic.
I remember the time when I was young
How many chains must I break?
If there is a light at the end of the curve
Everything, everything, everything, the meaning of the broken days
I and your sound, the strange sound of the wind
I want to be sure that it's worth it
I was crying without walking
Overcoming my foolish self with sad things
Ha feeling toasted
a
re
I'm not sure if it's lettuce.
What? Lettuce?
What is this?
It's a little bit of a
What?
lettuce.
It's a little bit of
What?
Okay, and what is this?
This is mustard.
And this is?
I already know.
It seems so, but this is aloo bhukhara.
Aloo bhukhara? What is this?
You want to know about different things.
So, it's good to cook.
I want to know what kind of food I am eating.
But I can smell different things.
You can smell it if the food is good.
Now tell me what is this?
Does Master Kunon know?
I will cut your body.
Oh no, sorry I said too much.
Master Kunon tell me which book should I read to you today I will tell you Flora ma Okay Tell me the story I want to hear the story of Holy Knight Hester Hooghlia Huh Uh
Okay, but if you find it too much, please let me know.
Don't worry.
Look, I want to know everything properly.
It's a matter of time when the world of heroes and demons had a war.
Come, let's go.
Our country's hero, Histor Hughlia defeated the demons' king.
But unfortunately, his one hand and foot got cut.
And after that, every time in his family, someone is born with some deficiency.
They are born with a lack of something.
Like someone's hands, or feet, or eyes.
Multiply.
People have called those children the rebirth of heroes.
They are called the hero's
I can use this power to cast a spell.
And I will use this spell to make my eyes.
Yes. Who is standing in front of me?
A talented magician is standing in front of me.
I will do it at any cost.
But this will be very difficult.
What happened to you?
I want more. I want more.
What? You want more praise from me?
I don't need any praise.
I think you have gained a lot of praise.
By the way, let me tell you that I can do anything for your happiness.
I don't need anything for that.
I just need a lot of wisdom and power.
To become a powerful magician.
Look, you are still very young.
If you eat and drink properly, you will gain power.
It will be too late by then.
It is not good for me to become unconscious by doing magic.
But tell me one thing, what does magic have to do with food?
You should slowly increase your food intake.
Yes, I want to increase my muscles.
Because I am not good at walking and running.
Okay, how about sword fighting?
What did you say? Sword fighting?
Yes, I will enjoy it a lot.
If you want to learn, we will find a teacher for you.
I will talk to Lord Guryan.
Iko.
Yes, tell me.
Thank you for the suggestion.
Thank you for the compliment.
I will be a good person in life for that.
And listen.
Yes?
You gave me courage during the magic class.
Very good.
I mean you were getting the sound.
If you had ignored me, I don't know what would have happened to me.
This Eco B is too dramatic.
You're doing a great job.
Good boy.
Now, focus on your arms and shoulders.
The sword is down.
Now, your shoulders, arms and shoulders.
Master Kunon, Miss Jenny is here.
Welcome, Miss Jenny.
Very good morning, Master Kunon.
Okay, it's time for your next class.
Well, I'll take your leave now.
Thank you very much, Master Oro.
So, you've started learning the sword game?
Yes.
I need the power and intelligence for magic, right?
This boy has really changed a lot.
Miss Jenny.
Oh.
Do you want to take a break for a while, Kunon?
No, let's start.
Now, shall we learn the Aori we did in the previous class?
Do one thing, start with what you remember.
Aori.
What?
You did a great job.
I only taught a little, but you have become an expert in this.
How did this happen?
I am so surprised.
Princess Mirka, your bag is ready.
Do I have to go?
Don't you like to go to your fiancé?
I think Conan must feel the same.
He is always sad.
But the king wants you to go to him.
Okay, fine.
One thing is for sure.
Kunon was born with the Hero's
and he is very important for the Yogliar Empire.
I am from the royal family.
So this marriage is my responsibility.
What do you like, Kunon?
Tell me, what should we play?
I don't know.
But...
I can't do anything on my own.
I need support.
I think I will get to see her sad face for the first time in my life.
We have met after a long time, Princess Marika.
Kunal, you?
Yes.
Princess Marika is still as lovely as she was If I was a boy I would have made you mine somehow Your stories are very scary No I didn think about that
Are you okay?
I was going to ask you the same thing.
Yes, I have fallen in love with magic.
What? Magic?
Oh, hey!
Wow! Is this really water?
You are amazing.
Come on.
Yes. He has turned into a rainbow.
Princess Mirika.
What happened?
Our last meeting was not good.
I apologize for that.
There is no need to apologize.
Will you like to hear my story today?
I have done some interesting things in the last few days.
This sad boy seems to be happy today.
Yes, absolutely.
I had a lot of fun today.
We will meet soon, Kunal.
Today is the first time I have touched Mirka's hands with my own hands.
That is because you have become a gentleman.
Gentleman?
Now teach me how to be with Princess Mirka.
I have to be a gentleman and treat her properly.
So today we will talk about a person with a calm nature and manners.
Yes, he makes such a gentleman who even knows how to make people laugh.
I don't know what to do.
Making seven water balls and that too at once.
Even I don't know how to do it.
I mean, he climbed the first ladder of magic easily.
He is really learning very fast.
Now I don't have anything left to teach him.
Now we have to go straight to the next level.
But how will this happen?
Don't be scared.
Forgive me.
This should have been easy for me.
I just had to teach a child magic.
But it all turned upside down.
I know magic is easy, but it's not always safe.
It's strange to learn this kind of magic for a seven-year-old Master Kunon.
But I won't give up.
Forgive me.
I won't give up. This is what I want to live off.
Let's do something different today.
Okay. I will do whatever you say in your sweet voice.
Now start.
This has changed again.
You have learnt aori spell from me.
With this magic we can make water.
Now let's learn the magic by breaking it.
What does it mean?
We have to do everything differently.
Like making water, floating water in the air and making a ball shape of water.
Wow! Very good.
We can break it into more parts.
Like the temperature of the water, the shape, color, shape, the fragrance and the taste.
Look, water can be of different types.
Come, let's see.
I have made two water balls.
Touch them and see.
Yes, okay.
Oh, this is cold. And this one is hot.
You are right.
By showing our talent in magic, we can show our character in it.
But what does character mean?
I mean your talent separates you, a magician, from others.
And you understand every detail of magic.
You understand things that others never understand.
Oh, hey.
Eco, now you drink from this.
Okay, as you say.
This tastes like an apple.
Wrong. This is a potato.
What? Potato?
Yes, I can taste it. It's very tasty.
Stop learning my tricks so quickly.
You seem to be born with magic.
Well, this magic is a little difficult.
But I promise you, I will learn everything.
I can recognize shape and smell.
But how will I recognize colors?
And if I don't know, I won't be able to make my eyes with magic.
I will have to learn it anyway.
There is no other way.
Because I want to see everything in this world.
Master Kunal, what would you like to drink?
Milk tea or without milk tea.
Can I get some hot water?
Sure.
Oh, hey.
Oh, wow! This magic is really amazing.
For someone who doesn't know anything about magic, this is a big deal.
What's the matter?
What happened?
Maybe I saw something.
What did you say?
Really?
Are you telling the truth?
It wouldn't be good if you lied to me.
Wait, wait.
I don't even know myself.
I didn see anything properly Maybe I had a misunderstanding that I saw something I know that you are a gentleman who knows how to cheat But you don know how to make a fool of yourself You a fool Listen to me
I think I saw the red color.
Or I felt it with magic.
Is this apple red?
No, it's not red at all.
Then it must be red.
Right.
I got it.
You still don't understand the color and its name.
You're right.
Because I've never seen it before.
You will learn slowly, my dear.
Dear, what are you trying to say?
You just said the apple is green. Don't confuse me.
I said it with love.
By the way, do you know how many apples are there in this?
There are three red and two green apples.
You are absolutely right. You are amazing.
This is really no less than a miracle.
Can he see the colors?
He is slowly starting to understand the colors.
They are able to recognise colours one by one.
So now they can see.
They can recognise things that are very close to them.
So does that mean they are able to read books now?
Yes. They can trace ink and recognise colours.
They don't recognise letters, but they can recognise pictures and encyclopaedia.
Very good.
I'm sorry.
Tell me, why don't you two come and stay here?
Kunon didn't want to trouble anyone, so you went with him.
My wife needs help. It would be great if you could come and stay here.
No.
Trust me, Master Kunon is trying his best to change.
There's a new challenge every day.
Now, he can put a stop to Master Kunon's efforts to change the environment.
And that won't be good for him.
You are right. He is not that far away that I can't even meet him.
Forgive me, you have to take care of Kunon alone.
This is my job and you are giving me money for this.
Your smiling face gives my son the courage to live.
You don't just praise me, you also increase my salary.
Have you started the experiment?
Miss Jenny will be here any moment. I will surprise her. I am sure of it.
Then you must give it your all.
Yes, that's what I thought.
Uh, hey!
What a thing, Master Kunon!
Beautiful red, just like the eyes of a white rabbit.
When I make them big, I can understand the colors better.
So this ball is of deep red.
Kunon.
Oh.
I've heard that you can see colors. Is that true?
This beautiful voice like a cuckoo, like someone singing,
can only be my mother's.
Oh no!
Please forgive me.
No!
Are you okay? Can you hear me, mom?
How can you do such a bad deed?
I did a bad deed?
Listen Master Cron, all humans have a red blood color.
Oh, I didn't know that.
Now I will close your pocket money.
Eco, you will not get paid for three months.
Please don't do that.
Please forgive me.
Oh, no!
Piku, get up.
Where is your mind going?
This boy is really different and scary.
He will touch new heights of success.
Maybe he will become the greatest magician in the world.
He will get the greatest book of magic, Cerulean Sorcerer.
I'm glad we didn't have to be afraid
Make sure one by one
The fate we lack is still unknown
The middle of a miracle
If it's a night of tears
I'm going to be a little crazy, but I'm going to keep going.
I'm sure I'll be guided by these days.
Go see tomorrow, this world you don't know with your heart.
Master Quran, your new items have arrived.
Thank you.
Leave them here.
He is now nine years old.
Now we should think about going to his school.